Add information about PodLifecycleSleepAction (KEP3960) (#43428)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/feature-gates.md

| `PodDisruptionConditions` | `false` | Alpha | 1.25 | 1.25 |
| `PodDisruptionConditions` | `true` | Beta | 1.26 | |
| `PodHostIPs` | `false` | Alpha | 1.28 | |

> | `PodLifecycleSleepAction` | `false` | Alpha | 1.29 | |

Reviewer: This should appear of the `PodIndexLabel`

- `PodDisruptionConditions`: Enables support for appending a dedicated pod condition indicating that the pod is being deleted due to a disruption.
- `PodHostIPs`: Enable the `status.hostIPs` field for pods and the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="downward-api" text="downward API" >}}.
  The field lets you expose host IP addresses to workloads.

> - `PodLifecycleSleepAction`: Set the `sleep.seconds` filed in Container Lifecycle Hooks to let containers pause for a specified duration.

Reviewer: 'filed' -> 'field'.

Please clarify if the gate enables this setting or the gate will set it automatically.

Author: Updated, how about now?

- `PodHostIPs`: Enable the `status.hostIPs` field for pods and the {{< glossary_tooltip term_id="downward-api" text="downward API" >}}.
  The field lets you expose host IP addresses to workloads.
- `PodIndexLabel`: Enables the Job controller and StatefulSet controller to add the pod index as a label when creating new pods. See [Job completion mode docs](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/job#completion-mode) and [StatefulSet pod index label docs](/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset/#pod-index-label) for more details.

> - `PodLifecycleSleepAction`: Enable the sleepAction in Container Lifecycle Hooks.

Reviewer: What is the word "sleepAction"? Is it a user-facing field name or a variable that only makes sense to developers?

Author: It's not a field name, it's we use field name + "Action" to describe a action in `LifecycleHandler `.

Example:
```
- **exec** (ExecAction)

  Exec specifies the action to take.

  <a name="ExecAction"></a>
  *ExecAction describes a "run in container" action.*

  - **exec.command** ([]string)

    Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem. The command is simply exec'd, it is not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work. To use a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell. Exit status of 0 is treated as live/healthy and non-zero is unhealthy.

- **httpGet** (HTTPGetAction)

  HTTPGet specifies the http request to perform.
```

Reviewer: ExecAction is a "definition" that can be find elsewhere in the API reference, just like "Metadata". A definition usually starts with a capital letter, so I'm confused what is a "sleepAction".

Author: Sorry, my bad. It should also start with a capital letter.
SleepAction is also a "definition", currently you can find it in k/k repo:
```
// ExecAction describes a "run in container" action.
type ExecAction struct {
	// Command is the command line to execute inside the container, the working directory for the
	// command  is root ('/') in the container's filesystem.  The command is simply exec'd, it is
	// not run inside a shell, so traditional shell instructions ('|', etc) won't work.  To use
	// a shell, you need to explicitly call out to that shell.
	// +optional
	Command []string
}

// SleepAction describes a "sleep" action.
type SleepAction struct {
	// Seconds is the number of seconds to sleep.
	Seconds int64
}
```
However, I didn't find a correct place in this repo to put it.

> - `PodLifecycleSleepAction`: Enable the SleepAction in Container Lifecycle Hooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `PodLifecycleSleepAction`: Enables the `sleep` action in Container lifecycle hooks.
```
